again
ah
14 blades gots pretty fast
Oh
oh oh there's harp daddy daddy on the
inside trickles on the brakes blame
passes he hits em racing gloves
reply to marketing
well there's time
posture just put it on
Oh what do you do what's called hold
these it get all the guests
Gill excursion
well we got a 33 yeah buddy still there
be releasing ambassador
two seconds faster
coach got the fastest car oh
okay keep up with him planes waiting
look he wants to race for the noise
here's one with a long time Oh
Blaine ain't even on the brake so
yeah he got a 33
Oh
oh it's nice
what post
he's in number five this was Gary be
good
a little fetish be here pastor banking
super hard
here comes all 32 years now
little Ricky Chinese funny
yes he looked at the camera
Harper's flying
if they were to set of my life
they'd set up what
Oh
newsfeed email yeah
my heated meet you may need to walk with
the pole rider
wait whoa hit the wall again
this is gonna get interesting
come philosopher
they get rail right
funny statement
I like it right there we can go all out
it's all the way around her Oh
Oh Blaine in a metal
this is what one is
Oh
no he's got it in his hand well look
they're three-wide they're gonna get
dirty
what are you trying to be there all the
same what is trying to be
plane just bouncing off
Oh
Oh Harper paint steam off all our cars
are this is best race of the night oh oh
oh
shut them down it o.o to do this 3y haha
look at him he's a Cole trickle in the
wall
man
back